

---Source-1---

<!-- PAGE 1 -->

Enter | Register
[Image: Icons of the United Kingdom flag and the Russian flag for language selection]
[Image: Codeforces logo consisting of three vertical bars of increasing height (yellow, blue, and red) followed by the text "CODEFORCES Sponsored by TON"]
HOME TOP CATALOG CONTESTS GYM PROBLEMSET GROUPS RATING EDU API CALENDAR HELP [Image: A search bar containing a magnifying glass icon]

PROBLEMS SUBMIT CODE MY SUBMISSIONS STATUS HACKS ROOM STANDINGS CUSTOM INVOCATION

### Codeforces Round 963 (Div. 2)
**Finished**

#### → Practice?
Want to solve the contest problems after the official contest ends? Just register for practice and you will be able to submit solutions.
[Button: Register for practice]

#### → Virtual participation
Virtual contest is a way to take part in past contest, as close as possible to participation on time. It is supported only ICPC mode for virtual contests. If you've seen these problems, a virtual contest is not for you - solve these problems in the archive. If you just want to solve some problem from a contest, a virtual contest is not for you - solve this problem in the archive. Never use someone else's code, read the tutorials or communicate with other person during a virtual contest.
[Button: Start virtual contest]

#### → Problem tags
greedy implementation *800
No tag edit access

#### → Contest materials
* Announcement (en) [Image: Small grey "x" icon]
* Tutorial #1 (en) [Image: Small grey "x" icon]
* Discussion stream (en) [Image: Small grey "x" icon]

## A. Question Marks
time limit per test: 1 second
memory limit per test: 256 megabytes

Tim is doing a test consisting of $4n$ questions; each question has 4 options: 'A', 'B', 'C', and 'D'. For each option, there are exactly $n$ correct answers corresponding to that option — meaning there are $n$ questions with the answer 'A', $n$ questions with the answer 'B', $n$ questions with the answer 'C', and $n$ questions with the answer 'D'.

For each question, Tim wrote his answer on the answer sheet. If he could not figure out the answer, he would leave a question mark '?' for that question.

You are given his answer sheet of $4n$ characters. What is the maximum number of correct answers Tim can get?

### Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 100$).

The second line of each test case contains a string $s$ of $4n$ characters ($s_i \in \{A, B, C, D, ?\}$) — Tim's answers for the questions.

### Output
For each test case, print a single integer — the maximum score that Tim can achieve.

### Example
| input | Copy |
|---|---|
| 6 | |
| 1 | |
| ABCD | |
| 2 | |
| AAAAAAAA | |
| 2 | |
| AAAABBBB | |
| 2 | |
| ???????? | |
| 3 | |
| ABCABCABCABC | |
| 5 | |
| ACADC??ACAC?DCAABC?C | |

| output | Copy |
|---|---|
| 4 | |
| 2 | |
| 4 | |
| 0 | |
| 9 | |
| 13 | |

### Note
In the first test case, there is exactly one question with each answer 'A', 'B', 'C', and 'D'; so it's possible that Tim gets all his answers correct.

In the second test case, there are only two correct answers 'A' which makes him get exactly 2 points in any case.

<!-- PAGE 2 -->

In the third test case, Tim can get at most 2 correct answers with option 'A' and 2 correct answers with option 'B'. For example, he would get 4 points if the answers were 'AACCBBDD'.

In the fourth test case, he refuses to answer any question at all, which makes him get 0 points.

***

Codeforces (c) Copyright 2010-2026 Mike Mirzayanov
The only programming contests Web 2.0 platform
Server time: Jun/15/2026 15:27:11 UTC+5.5 (f1).
Desktop version, switch to mobile version.
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions

Supported by
[Image: Logo for TON (The Open Network), featuring a white stylized triangular diamond shape inside a blue circle]